Add step to use doc slash command to document the newly added function in add endpoint module (#102)
github-samples/pets-workshop: content/1-hour/1-add-endpoint.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Because LLMs are probabilistic, not deterministic, the exact code generated can vary. The above is a representative example. If your code is different, that's just fine as long as it works!

> 8. Add a comment to the newly created function. To do this, place your cursor inside the function (anywhere between the lines `def get_breeds...` and `return jsonify...`). Then, press <kbd>cmd/control</kbd>+<kbd>I</kbd> or right-click and select `Copilot -> Editor Inline Chat` to open the editor inline chat. In the input box, type `/doc` (you can optionally provide additional details, but it's not required). This will prompt GitHub Copilot to generate a documentation comment for the function. The suggested comment will appear inline in the code (highlighted in green). Click `Accept` to apply the comment to your code, or click `Close` to discard the suggestion. You just used a slash command, a shortcut to streamline a task, these commands eliminate the need for verbose prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Add a comment to the newly created function. To do this, place your cursor inside the function (anywhere between the lines `def get_breeds...` and `return jsonify...`). Then, press <kbd>Ctl</kbd>+<kbd>I</kbd> (or <kbd>cmd</kbd>+<kbd>I</kbd> on a Mac) to open the editor inline chat. In the input box, type `/doc`. (You can optionally provide additional details, but it's not required). This will prompt GitHub Copilot to generate a documentation comment for the function. The suggested comment will appear inline in the code (highlighted in green). Click **Accept** to apply the comment to your code, or click **Close** to discard the suggestion. You just used a slash command, a shortcut to streamline a task, these commands eliminate the need for verbose prompts.
```

Reviewer: Small update to straemline and improve accessibility
